Good morning, everyone.
We are now reporting.
Heavenly Father, we thank you.
Today, we have learned the time, the progress, and the desire to be in your hands.
Once again, we thank you for giving us light in the past.
Using this lesson makes us gradually get to know our hearts and minds.
We pray that today, you can continue to use your words to teach us not only to increase our knowledge, but also to be changed and created by you.
Please open the eyes of our hearts so that we can see the work that you have done in our lives.
Such a report is the victory of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Welcome to our lecture.
Let's continue with the second week.
In the last week, we talked about a very important holy truth.
It is not only about our appearance, but also about our hearts.
We also saw
People's hearts are divided into three levels of understanding, thinking, and emotion.
Today, we will discuss more deeply how our hearts work.
I believe you already know some of the content, but there is also some content that I believe you don't really know.
Today, we are going to look at what we believe, what we hope, and what we do in the end.
Okay, before we get into our new content, I believe that you have already received your awards.
I think your speech is more clear than my own speech.
There are a lot of content that you can use, or even cover up the needs of your week.
So this week, you can use this content in your family, your pet and your child.
We need to quickly review the content that we talked about two weeks ago last week.
Let me ask you a few questions.
What are the three levels of the human heart that Sheng Jing is talking about?
The three levels are separate and separate?
No, they are connected together.
The third problem is how crime will affect our three aspects.
What does Darwin say?
Yes, it's all wrong.
It's not always wrong, but the whole system is completely wrong.
The last question.
Last week, we shared a case that we imagined.
The case of Li Dishong.
Do you remember?
The root cause of his problem, including his anger, his apology, and the same thing happened.
Where is his root cause?
Is it a matter of emotional management?
Is it a matter of EQ?
No.
What is the problem?
What is his right and wrong?
The right and wrong of his attention.
Right?
His excessive attention
Jena, for sure.
And then he automatically made the idea not to be stepped on.
What does it mean?
There's no value, no sense of control, right?
There's no sense of existence.
So this becomes the most important demand in his mind, of course, which is the idol we are talking about.
So according to the content we talked about last week, I heard some questions.
I will quickly answer some of the questions you asked.
The first question is, how can I believe in my own judgment if the human heart is such a fraud?
If my situation and the operation system are affected by crime, am I just not thinking about things?
I don't want to do anything.
That's good.
This is a very good question.
Yelim is indeed saying that the human heart is a fraud than everything else.
In the past, we also saw such a golden teaching, but this is not saying that the human heart
has already broken the limit on all the problems.
That is to say, even though the human heart has been lost, it has not reached any completely judgmental ability, any kind of ability, any ability to awaken the heart, there is no ground.
So this does not mean that we can't do anything.
In fact, this is the concept that I mentioned earlier, the concept of the concept of all evil mentioned by Darwin.
The concept of a full-fledged person is that there are no aspects of humanity that can be revealed in any place except for the influence of crime.
But the difference between a full-fledged person and a full-fledged person is that every part of a full-fledged person is broken to 100%.
This is not the definition of a full-fledged person.
The meaning of a full-fledged person is that all aspects of you are accused of crime.
But it's not that every time the face of pollution is damaged to 100% Absolutely such an extent So the god has protected us The god has kept us So the god's grace, including the work of the holy spirit, is still leading us We can still accept the light of the holy spirit The spirit of the holy spirit Then the teachings of the religious leaders, the提醒, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc, etc
This is the first question.
The second question.
Some of you said that when I was reflecting on myself, I found that I was always in a very easy to be angry, very easy to be disappointed, very easy to be anxious.
Am I particularly arrogant?
Some of you said this.
First of all, I want to say that the person who can say these words is already very amazing.
Because it means that he is really in self-reliance.
Being able to self-reliance, being able to borrow the Holy Spirit to help us to do the self-reliance inside of us, this kind of research and observation.
I think this is a very honest evaluation.
Very, very good.
Very good.
So, is it said that the anxiety that is often dealt with is very angry, that is, my person is very, very high?
Of course not.
I have just said that when we can start to investigate the internal problems of ourselves,
This already shows that you are starting to grow mature.
At the same time, we are not saying that all of a sudden, we find ourselves in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, in a mess, mess, in a mess, in a mess
Maybe it will suddenly feel like your inner heart is very confused.
This state of confusion is actually not suddenly appeared.
Instead, you are not really quiet and observe yourself.
So when you have this action, first of all, the standard is to love you and lead you to victory.
Second, the standard is that you have a thousand cups of equality.
This is where you should feel safe.
Third, this state of confusion is actually a movement that is to help you start cleaning up.
In fact, it is a blessing to you.
Therefore, don't say you are very arrogant.
In fact, everyone of us is in this state.
The difference between our map and the map is actually here.
Not every map is willing to face themselves.
And when you are willing to face yourself, accept the light of the Holy Spirit, don't blame yourself again.
It's not good, because we are all bad.
And you should feel that I have become better at the beginning, because this is the job of the god.
OK. That's all for the previous two weeks.
After we talked about it, some problems came back from the map.
Now we are going to learn about the logic of how the human heart works.
Why do we need to learn about the logic of the human heart?
Today, we are going to talk about the most important lesson in the whole 16 weeks.
Why?
Because today, we are going to answer the logical question.
We need to establish a framework for the human heart to operate.
This framework can help us understand
We have a lot of actions.
I believe that all of you here are very smart and smart.
I believe that once you talk about the content today, you will be able to reflect on it in your life.
Many, many problems can be solved through this framework.
You may have a feeling that the light is limited.
Because it is too important.
We are going to use this framework to explain why we face the reality of life.
Different people in the same world have different reactions.
Why do we show different emotions?
Why do our behaviors differ?
And how do we change, change, and help us make the decision of God?
Last week,
We have already talked about the human heart, including the thoughts and feelings of the three levels.
They are both connected.
Now let's look at how they connect with each other.
The influence of each other is also its logic.
The first thing to start with is about faith.
It is also about the mind, your thoughts.
It is also what I believe.
What I believe.
I believe in what?
What is sincere to me?
What is real?
What is important?
This is about our thoughts.
From our thoughts, we are going to move on to the next point.
What I desire.
That is, the expectation that we often talk about in the meeting.
What do I expect?
What do I want?
This is about our will, our will.
Based on my belief, I began to have desires for something.
So when you see these two things, it's already connected.
You definitely won't expect something you don't like.
You won't expect something that's not important to you, right?
So the previous one concerns your thoughts, and the latter concerns your desires, which are closely related.
Thirdly, emotions.
What I feel.
So this is a kind of emotional reaction.
Remember?
When I talk about people's emotions,
It is an ordinary reaction.
An ordinary reaction?
An ordinary reaction in front of you.
What do you believe?
And what do you expect?
Then the emotion is a kind of an ordinary reaction to these two steps.
When you expect, that is, when you are satisfied with something important in your mind, your emotions will be expressed as joy.
When you think that something important is taken away or it is extremely dangerous,
It seems that when you can't get it, your emotions will fall out, or anger, or other negative emotions.
So this is a very important part of emotions.
At this moment, we call it mental emotions and faith.
He actually has to respond to our reality every day, every moment, every day, to the emotional reaction that we have experienced.
So here, the skeleton, the frame, gave us an explanation.
My emotions come from there.
It's not your emotional management is not good enough.
It's not your emotional management skills are not high enough.
It's not what you want to learn, emotional lessons, improve your emotional ability.
Instead, go back to the two front steps.
Your thoughts are wrong, and your desires are wrong.
And your emotions are only for your previous two steps.
That's all.
There's one more step before the end.
It's behavior.
What I do.
Your emotions will directly affect your behavior.
Your behavior is to protect what you want to get, to fight for what you see or admire what you think is important.
This is your behavior.
Do you understand?
From an idea to a practical action,
What I believe is what I desire.
What I feel is what I do.
The starting point is our belief in our mind.
What do you believe is true?
What is important?
What is worth pursuing?
Ladies and gentlemen, do you believe it?
Do you understand?
Do you know one thing?
It is the thoughts and processes in your mind, these information, including what he has been saying to you, to your heart, what you think is important, what is correct, etc., etc.
Most of the time, you can't
But this step is not impossible.
As long as you understand its structure, you can stop.
You can see that it is actually happening in a reverse way.
Its existence is very similar to a phone or a computer.
When you use a software or your phone, you won't notice that it has a operating system behind it that supports all your instructions.
But without this system, no instructions can be executed.
So,
Our thoughts, our thoughts, the support of our machines, the support of our goods, including the various concepts that we have created, each moment affects us, it affects our understanding of each thing.
Let's take some examples.
For example, some people believe that my value depends on the achievements I have.
The greater the achievements, the more value I have.
Some people believe that I must be liked by everyone.
If someone doesn't like me, my value will be denied.
Li Dishong's case is probably such a crime.
There are some people who believe that this world is very dangerous.
People are not talented enough.
I have to keep it to myself.
There are some people who believe that I am amazing.
I can control everything.
My life, I am the master.
No one can tell me what is right and what is wrong.
Only I can know it.
Do you find that these ideas about us, that is, these concepts, are actually one-on-one information?
These information comes from the source.
Where does it come from?
First of all, it is not from the Bible.
Because the Bible doesn't teach us like this, right?
Where does it come from?
It may come from your original family.
It may come from your experience of growing up in history.
It may come from your observation of other people's lives.
It may come from the cultivation of culture.
It may also come from the influence and influence of crime on you.
Do you agree?
Speaking of this, we found something very interesting.
It's called criticism.
Many brothers and sisters don't understand.
You are too strict.
You criticize that, you criticize the individual behavior, you criticize the decision of the university.
Why do you criticize?
Do you understand now?
Because all the different people we face, they all release information on you.
They all talk to your heart, your consciousness, your thoughts, and send you messages.
These are all the people you get support from.
If you don't criticize them, you don't know the right and the wrong.
If you don't know the right and wrong, your brain, your thoughts, your beliefs may be created by the wrong things.
Then why is this so important?
According to the logic of the new operation, the first step is your thoughts.
The thoughts don't go all the way back to you.
So a basic picture that will not criticize reality will not criticize itself.
In life, it must be a mudflat, a constant development of reality.
There are things happening every day.
A person who doesn't know how to use the truth to test the reality, there must be no right or wrong judgment on what is happening right now.
This is a very bad thing.
Why?
Because if you don't criticize the reality, don't use the truth to criticize yourself.
If you don't show our sins, it will affect our minds.
It's like opening the door of thought and welcoming anything into your head.
Welcome any information.
to become the source of your knowledge.
This is extremely dangerous.
Especially for children and children.
In the next generation of基督徒' education, when you understand this, you become a gatekeeper.
You become a guardian of the door.
How?
Why?
First of all, you have to become a person with a critical thinking ability.
You have to have a judgmental thinking.
We talk about judgmental thinking.
It's not about fighting.
We are talking about the pre-pandemic thinking of the capital, which is to use the Holy Spirit to examine everything.
Do you understand?
So, ladies and gentlemen, when you see the first step about our mind, your belief is made up, and its source is worth checking with truth.
You can't skip this step, because it lays the foundation of your thinking.
Every step behind you will be affected by it's correct or wrong.
The second step,
about our will, our desire, our expectation, our desire.
Your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your desire, your
a luxury car, right?
When he wants a luxury car, you tell him, this thing has no value.
No, this thing itself has no problem.
Even this desire itself is not necessarily a crime.
Only when it is on the top of his body is it a crime, right?
And to help him really solve the problem is to step back again.
Why do you think this thing is so important to you?
Because in your belief, luxury cars are more than anything else that means value to you.
to solve that problem is in the root.
So, if someone believes that my value is based on my achievements, my value is based on my recognition of others, then such a person will be able to succeed in the outside world, hope to be recognized, and hope to prove himself.
He will also be suppressed by actions.
For example, he will become a people pleaser.
For example, his right and wrong views will become very thin,
Because his goal is to be accepted by others, not to care whether it's right or wrong.
What he cares about is the relationship, not to care whether it's right or wrong.
For example, a person like this may be good-natured and sincere.
He is willing to be in front of everyone and be liked by everyone.
But many times we will see that he has done the wrong thing.
Do you understand?
This is based on your
Believe, the first step in this system is not quite right.
You have to follow the Holy Spirit to establish a clear standard, and then you will have the right to be on your path.
Likewise, we just said that some people believe that they must be liked by everyone.
So, in life, they will especially desire to please others.
They don't dare to say things that make sense.
Why?
Because they don't want to offend anyone.
because he is willing to be liked by everyone.
So you will find that he is always in a state of emergency.
Because he has to avoid conflict, he has to maintain harmony, and even not sacrifice himself for the price.
These are also not very correct.
If someone believes that this world is so dangerous, I want to block all people, all things, everyone wants to harm me.
He has no faith in anyone.
This kind of situation will show the control of everything in life.
This kind of person will control everything and not allow anything different to happen to him.
Because this kind of method can change the sense of security.
What does he want?
He wants security.
Because he thinks the world is not safe.
So he avoids interaction with everyone.
When he has to interact, he has a very strong attitude.
Because in this way, he can control the sense of security he has.
For any uncertainties, it will retreat to the third party and not be exposed.
I must clarify what we just mentioned.
For example, the desire for salvation, the desire for others to love me, and the desire for security.
These desires may not necessarily be evil.
I want to make this clear again.
When did he become evil?
He took it to the ground.
In other words, when these desires were magnified,
I have to have it.
I can't live without it.
This is the most important thing for me.
It values your thoughts every day.
It makes you lose sleep.
It makes you unable to eat.
It makes you worry and worry about these things all day long.
Then at this time, it becomes your idol.
At this time, they have a problem.
This is the second step.
About our will, about our desire and expectations.
The third step is emotions.
What I feel.
What do I feel?
When our desire, when our desire is satisfied or threatened, we will create emotions.
You see, people's emotions must be directly related to the previous two steps.
Your desire determines your emotional reaction.
If what I desire, what I hope, what I get, I succeed.
Then I will feel satisfied with the joy and happiness in the mood.
If I fail, I will feel deeply wronged, ashamed, or even disappointed.
If someone is expected to be liked by everyone, look, if someone, the first step he established, is that if someone likes me, I will succeed.
Then he will be asked to be liked by everyone.
So in real life, once someone criticizes him, how will he react?
His emotions will reflect unhappy, unhappy, he will be anxious, he will be angry, he will not be able to accept it.
If someone desires control, everything must be through my control, I will change my own sense of security.
So, when there is something out of control on the emotions, he will be extremely anxious, anxious, and anxious.
Ladies and gentlemen, such things will probably happen.
Why?
We are not on the ground.
How could the world be in our grasp?
So, the people who change everything in the sense of safety will definitely face this moment of uncertainty.
So, you see, sisters and sisters, do you understand?
The emotion is not random.
The emotion is a symbol of our heart that can be seen.
The strong emotion often shows us that there is something that is overlooked by the height.
He is being satisfied or being threatened.
I'm going to ask you now.
You've been, for example, from... Not these two days.
For example, from 2025 to 2026, during this whole year, have you had a very strong emotional explosion?
Do you still remember?
If you remember, you should look back.
Go back and push.
What does he show you?
Go back again.
他显示在你的观念里边你觉得什么东西对你是重要的也就是关于你的思想跟你的意志的部分 你能不能够identify 你的idol 你的心中所想的是什么 好 再往下还有一部就是行为 What I Do 从 What I Believe 到 What I Desire 再到 What I Feel 现在来到最后一部 What I Do 最后我们的行为
in order to protect the desire in our hearts and to protect the actions of our emotions.
If my desire succeeds, I will celebrate it.
My relationship with everyone will be very relaxed.
My entire attitude will be very relaxed.
If I don't get what I want, I may be depressed, may be angry, may be complaining, and so on.
If I want to control or feel safe, when I can't get it, I might be able to research my own environment, research other people, etc., etc.
Even in the end, I will show that I lose confidence in anyone.
These will all be shown in our actions.
So everyone understands one thing.
The first thing we see is people's actions.
But have you noticed?
According to what we just talked about, action is the last step.
The corner of the ice mountain is often seen by us.
But that's not the problem.
It's the real problem that's hidden in the water.
Our faith, our desire, our heart, the object of worship, the object of audience, is the real need for us to build a different place.
Is there anything that is right for us?
This is the key.
This process tells us a very important thing.
That is, if we only deal with surface problems, that is, behavior, no matter how our mind and other aspects affect each other, no matter how each aspect faces the problem, then change is likely to be short-lived.
It is impossible to sustain
it's impossible to re-create our lives.
Because the new state hasn't been changed, right?
In the past, we talked about that God loves the state in our hearts, not to change our behavior and turn us into a moral superman, right?
So what he cares about is not the positive state on the surface, what he cares about is the disease inside the root.
Similarly, if we
Tell a person or talk to yourself when you are trying to explain yourself, say, I can't do this, I want to do that, or say, you can't do this, you want to do that.
If we just give this instruction, then this change is of no value.
Because this person is really buried in the water.
The part that is not leaked has not been touched at all.
You can't help him, you can't bring him back to the truth.
Therefore, the part hidden in it, the behavior on the surface, is temporarily closed.
The problems in the future will be revealed in other ways.
This is why the voice is not just a moral guide, it is the updates of life, that is, the updates of the heart.
What the voice is about is not just a simple behavior problem, it is about what we believe, what we love,
What do you expect?
It's this part.
All right.
This is what we talked about.
The logic of the new operation.
Now, please, ladies and gentlemen, come and take a look at a golden case to help us see what the logic of this set of logic is really like in real life.
Let's take a look at the 32nd of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season of the first season
Let's look at the background first.
Moses went to Mount Sinai to endure the world.
It's been 40 days and he hasn't come down yet.
The people of Israel are waiting in the mountains.
However, at this time, there is a very serious matter that makes God sad and sad.
Let's look at the first chapter of chapter 32.
What does it say?
First, let's look at the belief
What I believe, I believe in what part?
Then what do these Israelis believe in?
One of their beliefs, they need a god who can see, touch, and find.
Why?
Because what they said to Yaren, said, what do we do?
What do we do?
God, a physical idol.
It's a formality.
You can touch it, you can see it, you can see it.
Because if you don't see it, they don't have a sense of security.
They need a guarantee that you can see it.
What does this show?
A simple sentence shows that the Israelis are on the top of the myth.
Who is the god?
Why does the god let them walk out of the wilderness for 40 years?
This is a神學院.
I've told you before.
This 40-year礦也之旅 is a large-scale spiritual education activity.
Who is the god?
Why should the god teach them 40 years in the礦也?
Because this sentence shows who the god is and what the god's nature is.
It's completely out of the question.
They don't believe that the god they don't see is their god.
They can protect them.
And they need a fake god who can see through their eyes and touch with their hands.
This fake god, they thought it was Yihua.
It can make them feel at ease.
Is this their first belief?
Totally wrong.
The second belief.
They believe that as the people of the upper world, we can control the god and use the god.
In other words, the god is the one who serves me.
This is their belief.
Why do they say that?
After they found Yalun, they said, what should we do with this god?
What should we do in front of us?
Lead the way.
This is very subtle.
Look carefully.
What they said was not to lead us, but to follow him.
This is correct.
What they said is, make a god come out and open the way for us in front of us.
What is this?
The functionality is placed in the first place.
In other words,
They don't want to obey God, they don't want to obey the power of God.
Instead, they want to use God to reach their goal of leaving the land of Egypt.
So, God is serving them, not them.
Is it wrong?
Of course it is wrong.
This is their second mistake.
They think God is serving them.
The third mistake is that when we don't see God, God doesn't exist.
Why do they say this?
They say one last thing.
We don't know what happened to that demon.
The demon is gone.
So the god is gone with him.
Because the demon is the god's representative.
This shows how much their faith in God is completely put on the body of a human.
The god is gone with him.
How much their faith in God is gone.
Their faith is built on the people and the things that can be seen.
And it is not built on the promise of God to them.
Who can do it?
What do they desire?
Hurry up and build a temple for us.
Is this their first desire?
The second one, to be able to control the treasure.
They don't need a hidden, silent one.
They will test and train their gods.
What they want is a one that can be built by human hands, can be created, can be controlled, can be seen anytime.
you can immediately be put in the function to guide me forward.
This is the guarantee that you can control it.
This is their second wrong desire.
The third wrong desire is the feeling of religious education, not the true order.
What they want is religious activity.
Why do they say that?
Because we see in the back, the Israelites,
But they are not like the real God.
For example, if there is no God, our religious activities will not stop at all.
What should I do about the Golden Thread Embroidery?
What should I do about the religious ceremony?
I still have to have it.
But the opposite is wrong.
The opposite is wrong.
It should stop.
But they did not stop.
It means that the life of the religious is separated from the faith of the true God in the eyes of Israel.
This is still the case today.
These desires do not have any choice, and they must have the influence on the idol worship.
It must be made up of the gold bull poison.
From this point on, from the second to the sixth chapter, Yalun told them, you take your wife and children's gold ring from your ears, and give it to me.
The people took all their gold rings from their ears and gave it to Yalun.
Yalun took a bull poison from their hands, and made it with a sharp tool.
They said, Israel, this is the God who led you out of the IGD.
Pay attention to this sentence.
Israel, this is the God who led you out of the IGD.
When you see it, you are talking in front of the capital, and you are going to announce it.
Pay attention to this sentence.
Tomorrow, you will go to Yehehua to guard the festival.
On the fourth day, the people get up, take a break and sit down to eat and drink.
Get up and have fun.
What did they do?
They made the capital poison.
Bai Mei Bai Jin Niu Du, Bai Le Jin Niu Du, please give us a very fancy detail.
They said, this Jin Niu Du is the god who brought you out of IGD.
That is to say, usually, the concept of our idol is to use one thing to replace Ye Hohua.
But here their idol is in a different situation.
They still worship Ye Hohua.
They just use Jin Niu Du to think that is Ye Hohua.
Do you understand?
There is no change.
The god is Yehohua.
This is true.
But they used a hand-made crystal poison to replace it.
So this is Yehohua's god.
From an invisible god, he became a fake god created by a human hand.
There is another detail, which is very fanciful.
After making the crystal poison, Yalun told them that tomorrow we have to guard against Yehohua.
Oh my god, I really can't understand.
How fanciful!
You have already done the idol worship thing, that is to announce that I don't want to be a god.
You still have to go to the Yen Huahua Festival the next day, to fully show their belief, how ridiculous it is to be wrong.
Even wrong, you have no idea what you are doing.
Who is Yalun?
Da Ji Si.
Just this bottle.
You say they can let them come out in 40 years.
You are not going to graduate from this school.
You have to study hard.
This is the most terrifying part of idol worship.
They are even using the name of Yehohua god.
They even thought they were worshiping the god.
They didn't realize that they were worshiping the god.
They just want a more convenient god that can give me a sense of security immediately.
A god that can be controlled by my hands.
A god that can be used immediately.
Oh my god.
This is worshiping the god.
This is their belief.
Totally wrong.
And then there comes the desire, the desire to immediately show security, the desire to immediately control the treasure, the desire for religious life, but not the real順服.
Let me tell you one more thing here.
We will not cultivate the Christian map of religion.
If you want to be a Christian map, you should go to other sects.
What we want is the Christian map of the true順服 of God.
Do you understand?
In the context of emotions, anxiety is not anxiety, anxiety is urgent, it can't be tolerated.
Hurry up and give me an example.
Why?
The devil is gone.
The god is gone.
The anxiety is going to die.
And then?
Is there a sense of security?
There is no sense of security.
Are you afraid of fear?
Fear of fear.
Fear is not good.
There is no reason.
We also see the behavior on the side.
The golden bull poison is not bad.
Alan said, come, come, come.
Bring all your children's golden earrings.
Burn the gold.
Be a golden bull poison.
It is also a behavior to worship worship.
And
In the second day, there were eight words in the last sentence, sit down, eat, drink, get up, play, play.
How can you keep playing?
This is their behavior.
Because every step is wrong in the front, so the behavior in the back is not correct.
You see, the behavior is the final result.
The capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital capital
The real problem is in Israel's new birthplace.
They are wrong about God's knowledge.
They are wrong about their desire.
They are wrong about the pursuit of the thirsty, the sense of security, the sense of control, and the sense of practical God.
They are wrong about the knowledge of God.
They are wrong about the understanding of God's knowledge, the understanding of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the knowledge of the
Yehehua said, go on, because your people have already been defeated by you from IGD.
The last sentence, they are the people who are holding the police.
God said, they are defeated, and they are holding the police.
What are you talking about?
It's not that they just did something wrong.
You don't have to say that they are holding the police.
They will say that they lost something, right?
They left the road yesterday.
It is said that he was only willing to do what he wanted to do.
He was unwilling to do what he wanted to do.
He didn't understand God in his mind.
Thank God.
Such a strict criticism is not the end of the story.
We all know that God taught them patiently.
He didn't give up on them.
Although God's judgment came from those Christians who worship idols, all of them died in the wilderness.
But God also saved the fish species of N.
Right?
The remnants, Yu Ming, Fuyin are also here to tell us that although our mind is a ghost, although our thoughts are not correct, although we are easy to have a idol, even when we have an idol, we are not affected by it.
But God has grace, also has the ability, also has blessing, willing to update our mind.
Time is running out, everyone.
We have to stop here.
We will come back next week and continue to watch
How does the idol affect our emotions?
We all know that the idol will affect our relationship with God.
Because the theme we are talking about is the mind, emotions and faith, right?
So what we want to specifically look at is why our emotions are like a roller coaster.
You may be very familiar, even you may be very shocked.
The answer you are already very familiar with is the existence of the idol.
The result is that your emotions are
an option dance.
Next week, we will continue to watch.
We will stop here for now.
Thank you for giving us your blessing.
Thank you for a painting like this to describe the logic of new work, so that we can identify the impact of each step on the crime, and that every screenshot in front of you should be broken open, and each screenshot will be shown on its own, until we know where we didn't escape your pleasure.
I beg you to help us so that we can return to your face, to see the truth, to hope for the truth, to feel healthy, to behave, to escape from your joy.
This is what you care about the most, because you will take out your heart and give it to us, in order to get us such a healthy life with you.
Thank you, God.
There is grace in the service, there is hope.
Today, you are not making our sins, but helping us to return to an old and new life.
Thank you, everyone.